## CS178 Project 1
In this project the goal was to create a website using flask that incorperated both an RDS, relational database system, and a NoSQL database. For my project I decided to use a database we worked with in class that displayed different songs along with their artists, length, price and artistID. For the noSQL database I decided to create an album table in dynamoDB. This I thought would pair well with the songs database. To begin I created a new IAM user in aws, giving it the correct permissions and creating an EC2 on it. Once I had this EC2 up and running I created a git repository for my project and cloned it. I now had easy access to all the files I wanted to work with and I could easily work on them both localy and in my EC2. I quickly found that it would be much easier to first produse the code that I needed localy and then later clone it to my EC2, as my EC2 kept getting overloaded forcing me to reboot it several times and even create a compleatly new one sometimes. I first created the website for my RDS. to do this I used similar code to what we used in class using GET and POST methods to read the inputs from the user. I attempted to create my website so that a text box would appear giving the user options as to what they wanted to queery on. This worked somewhat but I wasnt able to hop from one url to another leading the wesite to break before the queery could be compleated. Using nohup I ran this python file so that the wesite can be accesed at anytime. I desided to incorperate my CRUD functionality into my dynamoDB code. This went smoothly at first, as I was able to create a code that would allow the user to create lines of data for the table, update data in the table, read data in the table, delete data in the table, and even queery on data in the table. One I tryed to implement flask to this however it all went south. I wasnt sure how to add flask at first and I ended up asking chat gpt for some help. I wasnt able to get the code to work compleatly but I think that the outline is there. In the future given more time and resorces I would like to integrate these two databases in the same website and create a user interface that allows them to choose which database they would like to work with and queery on. At this time I just wasn't able to figure out how to put it all together. 

## Functionality of Code 
Using the URL http://127.0.0.1:8080 you can access my project. This link however will not show anything.
To view the user interfect type /CURD at the end
To view the entire database type /viewdb at the end. 
To queery on length of song use /timequerytextbox
To queery on price of song use /pricequerytextbox
To queery on artist of song use /artistquerytextbox

## Final Thoughts
Overall this was a very frustrating project and not a very good display of my skills and knowllege. A lot of my time spent on this project was spent trouble shooting and figuring problems that didn't move the project forward whatsoever. Creating new EC2's and rebooting them made this project take lightyears longer then it should have. Many times a long the way I felt lost and had no idea what to do. I think in the end for how many problems I encounterd my project turned out alright. I compleated pretty much every aspect of the project that was asked of me minus the join and the creation of my own database. Everything is there it's just not all working together yet. Because of this I think that I deserve an 80/100 on this project. 

